just a quick recap of the past few weeks
I've been looking at this Academy on me
luck
up down clock which is now finished and
on the left for the snake we have augury
represented by the number nine and we've
got an owl with sorcery that's in about
number 11 and we've got magic
represented by the number five and we've
got sir matter G obscene about the
number six at the bottom here we've got
alchemy I've seen it but another 10 that
is all Roman numerals Academy Alma Lux
and there's another clock over here is
located at Academy Illuminati order dot
EU and under cyber got the Aztec
Sunstone on this one the flip side we've
got the Nebra sky disk and horse a 911
911 again in one part of this Illuminati
auditor info website if you go to the
top of this pyramid two down from the
top is fee that's the golden ratio and
I've got the symbol of fee here as well
and this is a simple the Greek letter
fee and this is the value of fee
while looking at this unusual countdown
clock a discovered there was a
connection from the countdown clock and
the dwarf planet Ceres which turned up a
partial conjunction on to timber nine at
nine p.m. UTC the last day of the
Paralympic Games in London at the time
it appeared to fit with the numerous
themes in the media involving the
bombing of large sports stadiums
fortunately nothing of that nature
occurred on sat ember night it turned
out however that 13 days after the
partial or quotation between the Earth
Moon and sewers there was a perfect a
quotation on September 22nd from
perspective of the moon was a full-on
quotation of cirrus by the earth what
made this interesting was at the Earth
Moon and cirrus fallen parallel
longitudinal alignment to the Sun and
Earth's position on the last day of the
main Long Count calendar in the same
long digital position of the moon at the
moment of the initial attack on New York
at 846 a.m. eastern time on September 11
2001 as well as the position of the moon
on December 26 2004 the moment of the
magnitude 9.1 earthquake that caused the
so-called boxing day tsunami claiming
port of a million lives what made this
series occultation extremely rare was a
maximum of quotation not only passed
through the center of the earth that
appeared to fall exactly on the Prime
Meridian zero degrees that is on the
Fall Equinox expiry see 11 years and 11
days after 911 and if that weren't
enough when looking from the moon to the
earth there was also in almost perfect
symmetry between the position of Jupiter
and the most unusual comet c 2010 x1
elenin
that's right a giant fee in the sky and
at that point enough this extremely rare
event happened to coincide with a couple
of music events on the Prime Meridian
180 kilometers apart that being the
alchemy festival north of London and a
performance of Jesus Christ Superstar
feo to stadium one of the definitions of
durmitor G is miracle worker then on
September 19 youtuber j7 409 published
an alert received from Noah of a
geomagnetic storm which was forecast to
hit the earth on September 22nd as
conjunctions with surance had all been
associated with the Carrington event of
1859 which burnt out electrical cables
and telegraph systems as aurora was seen
around the world this combined with a
serious conjunction matching the
earthquake and sea level anomaly as
recently as july sick of 2011 that
seemed way too many coincidences all
stacking up over sometime later on the
21st noah's wsa in those solid wooden
prediction model was changed and the
predicted geomagnetic storm had arrived
early and much weaker than previously
forecast however is yet one more thing
to mention and that is this curious seen
from the Doomsday flick 2012 the time of
the watch when the main character hands
it over as payment for the rental of an
aircraft the hands form perfect right
angles and show the timer's 7 22 sep 10
in Latin has seven just as October's
eight novo nine and des m10 September in
the pre Julian Roman calendar was the
seventh month so does the time of the
watch refer to September 22nd the hands
on the watch are perfect right angles
just as the sun moon and service were on
September 22nd our hand to the Sun
minute hand to the moon second hand to
service the Cirrus Earth and the moon
pointing to the galactic core
and if that clue is too hard to spot
here's another from the same movie while
the main character jack is looking for a
map so they can fly their plane to the
ships he pulls out and examines our
London Underground map the Prime
Meridian of course passes through the
center of London and the London
Underground logo is a rotated fee symbol
so what happened on September 22nd the
previous night and in the early hours of
the morning they've been spectacular
meteor showers over the UK which
received a lot of media attention but
census no geomagnetic storm was very
unlikely there'd be any size nickel
tidal events however with all the
synchronicity associated with this
extremely rare a quotation of series I
was outside watching the sky
you
me